# Invoice Database

This is just a sample ASP.NET Core CRUD project I created to keep track of customers and invoices for a small business. In this case, the small business is owned by a piano technician.

## Fake Data Used
It's important to note that all data used is fake and randomly generated by a site called mockaroo.com. It's a quick way to generate up to 1000 random rows.

## JQuery DataTables
To display the data, I used the JQuery DataTables library. It's great for formatting table data. The library lets you use either client side or server side logic. I use this library frequently in my current position and typically use server-side logic. Using server-side code is best when there is a large amount of data. For small subsets, client-side logic would be better and easier. 

As part of the server-side logic, a stored procedure is responsible for retrieving the data, pagination, ordering columns by ascending or descending, and retrieving search results.

## Architecture Pattern Used
I like to follow the Onion Architecture pattern to help keep my code loosely coupled. It also makes it easier when writing unit tests. To do this, I have separate repository classes that handle accessing the database. I also keep my controllers clean and simple. They're only responsible for displaying the views, so I minimize the business logic they contain. Instead, I have service classes that act as an intermediary between the repository classes and controllers and contain the business logic.

## Unit Testing
I will be adding unit tests for the controllers and service classes using NUnit and Moq.
